fix/improve backward/forward compatibility for VM Backup and Restore (#731)
harvester/docs: versioned_docs/version-v1.4/advanced/csidriver.md

1. Find and select **csi-driver-config**, and then select **⋮** > **Edit Setting** to access the configuration options.
1. Set the **Provisioner** to the third-party CSI driver in the settings.
1. Next, Configure the **Volume Snapshot Class Name**. This setting points to the name of the `VolumeSnapshotClass` used for creating volume snapshots or VM snapshots.

![csi-driver-config-external](/img/v1.2/advanced/csi-driver-config-external.png)

:::caution

> - Once upgraded to **v1.4.2 or higher**, Harvester will block setting **Backup Volume Snapshot Class Name** for third-party storage, because except for **Longhorn V1 Data Engine**, **Backup** is not included in the CSI standard. There is no general way to have a remote backup for all kinds of storage providers.
> - Harvester will be unable to restore all the existing VM backups with third-part storage, since the data never has a remote copy.
> - Please refer to the following tickets for more details:
>   - https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7316
>   - https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7755
>   - https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7737

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In Harvester **v1.4.2 and later versions**, the setting **Backup Volume Snapshot Class Name** cannot be used with external storage. Harvester is unable to create backups of volumes in external storage because the backup function is not included in the CSI standard and 
there is no way to create a remote backup for differing storage providers. Backup support in Harvester is limited to Longhorn V1 Data Engine volumes.  
- Harvester is unable to restore virtual machine backups with external storage because the data does not have a remote copy.

For more information, see issues [7316](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7316), [7737](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7737), and [7755](https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/7755).
```

Reviewer: I think we can reuse the exact same note across files.
